Add a page for unsupported operating systems (#141)
devzero-inc/product-docs: references/cli-man-page/alternative-install.md

{% endhint %}

We generally support most arm64 / amd64 Linux systems, as well as Apple Silicon & Intel macOS systems. If you're running - say, a SPARC / RISC-V machine, we don't support that at this time.

## 1. Download the tarball

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="Linux" %}
For the `stable` release track (this is most likely what you want), click the respective link for your CPU architecture.

* [amd64](https://get.devzero.io/stable/linux-amd64/dz.tar.gz) - more common

* [arm64](https://get.devzero.io/stable/linux-arm64/dz.tar.gz) - less common (Raspberry Pi, etc)

If you're feeling adventurous, these links are for the `latest` release track, which has potentially unstable updates that are pushed more frequently.

* [amd64](https://get.devzero.io/latest/linux-amd64/dz.tar.gz) - more common

* [arm64](https://get.devzero.io/latest/linux-arm64/dz.tar.gz) - less common (Raspberry Pi, etc)

{% endtab %}
{% tab title="macOS" %}
For the `stable` release track (this is most likely what you want), click the respective link for your CPU architecture.

> * [Intel](https://get.devzero.io/stable/darwin-amd64/dz.tar.gz) - more common
> 
> * [Apple Silicon](https://get.devzero.io/stable/darwin-arm64/dz.tar.gz) - less common (Raspberry Pi, etc)
> 
> If you're feeling adventurous, these links are for the `latest` release track, which has potentially unstable updates that are pushed more frequently.
> 
> * [Intel](https://get.devzero.io/latest/darwin-amd64/dz.tar.gz) - more common
> 
> * [Apple Silicon](https://get.devzero.io/latest/darwin-arm64/dz.tar.gz) - less common (Raspberry Pi, etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Intel](https://get.devzero.io/stable/darwin-amd64/dz.tar.gz) - older

* [Apple Silicon](https://get.devzero.io/stable/darwin-arm64/dz.tar.gz) - newer

If you're feeling adventurous, these links are for the `latest` release track, which has potentially unstable updates that are pushed more frequently.

* [Intel](https://get.devzero.io/latest/darwin-amd64/dz.tar.gz) - older

* [Apple Silicon](https://get.devzero.io/latest/darwin-arm64/dz.tar.gz) - newer
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## 2. Unpack the tarball

{% code %}
```
tar xvf dz.tar.gz
```
{% endcode %}

This should produce one file, called `dzcmd`.

## 3. Create symlinks

{% code %}
```
ln -s dzcmd dz
ln -s dzcmd dznetd
```
{% endcode %}

## 4. Start dznetd

{% code %}
```
sudo ./dznetd
```
{% endcode %}

## 5. Connect to your team's network

{% code %}
```
sudo ./dz net connect
```
{% endcode %}

## 6. Success

> You're connected! You can now connect to your workspaces via `dz workspace connect`. Have fun!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're connected! You can now connect to your workspaces via `./dz workspace connect`. Have fun!
```
